Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a secure cloud services platform offering compute power, database storage, content delivery and other functionality to help businesses scale and grow. 

Setting up AWS is fairly simple, first visit the AWS website at https://aws.amazon.com/education/awseducate/ to sign up for the AWS educate program for students in order to receive a free $100 credit towards your account to use when learning AWS, the team will combine these credits together in the course so that all of the projects are free. Click on the sign up button and type the requested account information such as your email address, password, contact information, and set your preferences and choose continue. Choose Create a new AWS account, then it will give you two options: Personal or professional, in our case we choose Personal for school purposes. However, these two options are identical in functionality. Type the requested company or personal information. Read the AWS customer Agreement, and then check the box. Choose Create Account and Continue. After you receive an email to confirm that your account is created, you can sign in to your new account using the email address and password you supplied. However, you must continue with the activation process before you can use AWS services. 

The next step is to add a payment method, on the Payment Information page, type the requested information associated with your payment method. If the address for your payment method is the same as the address you provided for your account, choose Secure Submit. You will need to create a full account and not use an AWS starter account. Each member of the team will need to have a credit card for initial account creation. If all the steps are followed correctly, the credit card should not be charged, the choose Secure Submit. 

Afterwards it will ask you to Verify your phone number on the Phone Verification page, type a phone number that you can use to accept incoming phone calls. Enter the code displayed in the captcha. When ready choose Call me now, then type the provided PIN on your phones keypad, after the process is complete, choose Continue. 

After the setup is complete, you will be sent a code after you have been approved that can be used to redeem a $100 credit for AWS. After every team member got a hold of their $100 credit code, they can all be applied to a single account for the whole team to use. 

